feat: add additional langfuse attributes to otel mapping (#1286)
langfuse/langfuse-docs: pages/docs/opentelemetry/get-started.mdx

First and foremost, we stick to the [OpenTelemetry Gen AI Conventions](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/semconv/attributes-registry/gen-ai/), but also map vendor specific properties from common frameworks.
All attributes and resourceAttributes are available within the Langfuse `metadata` property as a fallback.

> Langfuse uses the `langfuse.*` namespace to map properties from OpenTelemetry to the Langfuse data model.

Reviewer: In this section to we need to be specific about the fact that these are "Span Attributes"?

Author: In the OTel context attributes are clearly linked to spans from my understanding. The only other option are resourceAttributes and one would mention them explicitly if they are meant. So I think it should work like it is.

Reviewer: sounds good

This enables features like linking [Prompts](/docs/prompts/get-started) to spans, adding [tags](/docs/tracing-features/tags), or marking traces as public.
Attributes in the Langfuse namespace take precedence over the generic mapping we specify below.
Some of the attributes are only taken into consideration if they are set on the root span. We mark those in the table below.
The following Langfuse specific properties are supported:

| OpenTelemetry Attribute   | Langfuse Property | Type       | Root Span only | Description                                                                    |
|---------------------------|-------------------|------------|----------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `langfuse.session.id`     | `sessionId`       | `string`   | `true`         | The [session ID](/docs/tracing-features/sessions) for the request.             |
| `langfuse.user.id`        | `userId`          | `string`   | `true`         | The [user ID](/docs/tracing-features/users) for the request.                   |

> | `langfuse.public`         | `public`          | `boolean`  | `true`         | Mark the trace as public. This can be changed later in the Langfuse UI.        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `langfuse.public`         | `public`          | `boolean`  | `true`         | Mark the trace as public to be able to [share it via url](/docs/tracing-features/url). This can be changed later in the Langfuse UI.        |
```

| `langfuse.release`        | `release`         | `string`   | `true`         | The [release](/docs/tracing-features/releases-and-versioning) for the request. |
| `langfuse.version`        | `version`         | `string`   | `true`         | The [version](/docs/tracing-features/releases-and-versioning) for the request. |
| `langfuse.tags`           | `tags`            | `string[]` | `true`         | The [tags](/docs/tracing-features/tags) for the request.                       |
| `langfuse.prompt.name`    | `promptName`      | `string`   | `false`        | The [prompt name](/docs/prompts/get-started) for the request.                  |
| `langfuse.prompt.version` | `promptVersion`   | `int`      | `false`        | The [prompt version](/docs/prompts/get-started) for the request.               |

> Below, we share a non-exhaustive list of additional mappings that Langfuse applies:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below, we present a non-exhaustive list of additional mappings that Langfuse applies. These mappings are based on OTel GenAI semantic conventions and vendor-specific implementations that deviate from these conventions.:
```
